[docs] New expo-updates assets:verify CLI command (#27008)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas-update/asset-selection.mdx

In this case, all **.png** files in all subdirectories of **app/images** will be included in updates.

If this new property is not in your app config, all assets resolved by the bundler will be included in updates (as per SDK 49 and earlier behavior).

### Ensuring that an update contains all assets needed by your application

When using this feature, assets that do not match any of the file patterns will still resolve in the Metro bundler, but will not be uploaded to the updates server. A developer needs to be certain that assets not included in updates are built into the native build of the app.

> If you are building your app locally, or have access to the correct build that you are publishing updates for (with the same **runtimeVersion**), then the **expo-updates** CLI contains a command, **assets:verify**, that will allow you to check whether all required assets will be included when you publish an update:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are building your app locally or have access to the correct build for publishing updates (with the same **runtimeVersion**), then you can use the `npx expo updates assets:verify` command. It allows you to check whether all required assets will be included when you publish an update:
```

- Instead of describing about `expo-updates` CLI, let's say the complete command (not sure how much we document npx expo-updates as a CLI before this particular doc)
- Let's also break the last sentence for better readaiblity.

> ```bash assets:verify help
> $ npx expo-updates assets:verify --help
> 
> Description
> Verify that all static files in an exported bundle are in either the export or an embedded bundle
> 
> Usage
>   $ npx expo-updates assets:verify <dir>
> 
>   Options
>   <dir>                                  Directory of the Expo project. Default: Current working directory
>   -a, --asset-map-path <path>            Path to the `assetmap.json` in an export produced by the command `npx expo export --dump-assetmap`
>   -e, --exported-manifest-path <path>    Path to the `metadata.json` in an export produced by the command `npx expo export --dump-assetmap`
>   -b, --build-manifest-path <path>       Path to the `app.manifest` file created by expo-updates in an Expo application build (either ios or android)
>   -p, --platform <platform>              Options: ["android","ios"]
>   -h, --help                             Usage info
> 
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
<Terminal cmd={['$ npx expo-updates assets:verify <dir>']} />

You can also use `--help` with the command to see the available options:

```sh
Options
  <dir>                                  Directory of the Expo project. Default: Current working directory
  -a, --asset-map-path <path>            Path to the `assetmap.json` in an export produced by the command `npx expo export --dump-assetmap`
  -e, --exported-manifest-path <path>    Path to the `metadata.json` in an export produced by the command `npx expo export --dump-assetmap`
  -b, --build-manifest-path <path>       Path to the `app.manifest` file created by expo-updates in an Expo application build (either ios or android)
  -p, --platform <platform>              Options: ["android","ios"]
  -h, --help                             Usage info
```
````

- Let's show the actual command using Terminal component so that our users can copy paste it
- Let's show the output `--help` after that

Also, let's import `import { Terminal } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';` (Terminal component) at the top of this file.

In this case, all **.png** files in all subdirectories of **app/images** will be included in updates.

If this new property is not in your app config, all assets resolved by the bundler will be included in updates (as per SDK 49 and earlier behavior).

## Verifying that an update includes all required app assets

When using this feature, assets that do not match any file patterns will resolve in the Metro bundler. However, these assets will not be uploaded to the updates server. You have to be certain that assets not included in updates are built into the native build of the app.

If you are building your app locally or have access to the correct build for publishing updates (with the same [runtime version](/eas-update/runtime-versions/)), then you can use the `npx expo-updates assets:verify` command. It allows you to check whether all required assets will be included when you publish an update:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<Terminal cmd={['$ npx expo-updates assets:verify <dir>']} />
```

Let's move the command above the note since the paragraph before the command explains in what context it is used.

> > **info** This new command is part of the `expo-updates` CLI, which also supports [EAS Update code signing](/eas-update/code-signing/). It is not part of the [Expo CLI](/more/expo-cli/). It is available for ([`expo-updates`](/versions/latest/sdk/updates/) >= 0.24.10).

Reviewer 2: Because most people who run EAS Update will be using eas-cli
```suggestion
> **info** This new command is part of the `expo-updates` CLI, which also supports [EAS Update code signing](/eas-update/code-signing/). It is not part of the [Expo CLI](/more/expo-cli/) or [eas-cli](https://github.com/expo/eas-cli). It is available for ([`expo-updates`](/versions/latest/sdk/updates/) >= 0.24.10).
```

> <Terminal cmd={['$ npx expo-updates assets:verify <dir>']} />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
